Refactoring and docs (#5)
crossterm-rs/crossterm-screen: README.md

# Crossterm Screen

This crate allows you to work with alternate and raw screen cross-platform. 
It supports all UNIX and Windows terminals down to Windows 7 (not all terminals are tested
see [Tested Terminals](https://github.com/crossterm-rs/crossterm/blob/master/README.md#tested-terminals) for more info)

`crossterm_screen` is a sub-crate of the [crossterm](https://crates.io/crates/crossterm) crate. You can use it
directly, but it's **highly recommended** to use the [crossterm](https://crates.io/crates/crossterm) crate with
the `screen` feature enabled (see [feature flags](https://crossterm-rs.github.io/crossterm/docs/feature_flags.html)
for more info).

## Getting Started

<details>
<summary>
Click to show Cargo.toml.
</summary>

```toml
[dependencies]
# All crossterm features are enabled by default.
crossterm = "0.11"
```

</details>
<p></p>

```rust
use crossterm::RawScreen;

fn main() -> Result<()> {
    // Enable raw mode
    let _raw = RawScreen::into_raw_mode()?;

    // Do something in the raw mode
} // `_raw` dropped here <- raw mode is disabled
```

## Future

> > The `crossterm_screen` crate code will be moved to the `crossterm` crate (it's reexported there now).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `crossterm_screen` crate code will be moved to the `crossterm` crate (it's re-exported there now).
```

Author: Fixed.
